usermods/usermod_v2_baerner_zyt/GPSSetup_en.md, before:

# Bärener Zyt GPS

## Configuration
### Buttons
There are 3 touch buttons to configure the BärnerZyt clock. The buttons are on top or bottom of the frame.

### 2. Color/Effect 
With this button you can chose between 5 effects and 9 colors.

![Presets](images/wled_color_presets.png)

### 3. Brightness
There are 3 brightnesses

### 1. Turn on/off Access Point «BaernerZytAP»
Dieser Button ist unten unter den zwei rechtensten Buchstaben.
Mit dem Button AP ein (zweites Minuten LED) berühren. Das LED sollte jetzt weiss leuchten.

Jetzt kann der «BaernerZytAP» mit einem PC oder Mobilgerät gefunden werden.

![Wifi auswählen](images/choose_wifi.png)

Eine Webseite wird angezeig. Falls nicht, im Web-Browser die Adresse http://4.3.2.1/ eingeben.


Falls du eine andere Farbe, Animation etc. willst kannst du hier alles einstellen.

![wled](images/wled.png)

Für weitere Informationen zu den Eintellungen https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eCE2BpLaUQ

Die Bärner Zyt ist ein Usermode der auf WLED https://kno.wled.ge/ aufbaut.

Die Projektseite findest du unter https://github.com/showrab/WLED

Commit message:

English description for GPS watch

usermods/usermod_v2_baerner_zyt/GPSSetup_en.md, after:

# Baerener Zyt GPS
This Baerner Zyt has a GPS-Module built in, to get the exact time.

To initialisze the GPS modul, you should turn the watch on under the open sky. Afterwards it also schould work indors.

## Configuration
### Buttons
There are 3 touch buttons to configure the BärnerZyt clock. The buttons are on top or bottom of the frame.

#### 1. Turn on/off Access Point «BaernerZytAP»
First button turns the WiFi Acces Point on/off. The LED above or under the button lights up in white when Wifi Acces Point is on.

Now you can connecht your celurar phone or computer with the access point WLED-AP or BaernerZytAP. 
![Wifi auswählen](images/choose_wifi.png)

The WLED configuration page should pop up, if not you can open the page in the browser with http://4.3.2.1/ .


Here you can choose other colors or effects. 
![wled](images/wled.png)

For more informations about the settingst see https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eCE2BpLaUQ

This Bärner Zyt is based on a usermode of WLED. The project page of this usermode is https://github.com/showrab/WLED

The WLED project you can find here https://kno.wled.ge/

#### 2. Color/Effect 
With this button you can chose between 5 effects and 9 colors, you can cycle through.

![Presets](images/wled_color_presets.png)

#### 3. Brightness
There are 3 brightnesses, you can cycle through.
