usermods/usermod_v2_baerner_zyt/readme.md, before:

# Bärner Zyt (Word Clock) Usermod V2

This usermod drives an 11x10 pixel matrix wordclock with WLED. There are 4 additional dots for the minutes. 
The visualisation is described by 4 masks with LED numbers (single dots for minutes, minutes, hours and "clock"). The index of the LEDs in the masks always starts at 0, even if the ledOffset is not 0.
There are 3 parameters that control behavior:
 
active: enable/disable usermod
diplayItIs: enable/disable display of "Es ist" on the clock
ledOffset: number of LEDs before the wordclock LEDs

### Update for alternative wiring pattern
Based on this fantastic work I added an alternative wiring pattern.
The original used a long wire to connect DO to DI, from one line to the next line.

I wired my clock in meander style. So the first LED in the second line is on the right.
With this method, every other line was inverted and showed the wrong letter.

I added a switch in usermod called "meander wiring?" to enable/disable the alternate wiring pattern.


## Installation

Copy and update the example `platformio_override.ini.sample` 
from the Rotary Encoder UI usermod folder to the root directory of your particular build.
This file should be placed in the same directory as `platformio.ini`.

### Define Your Options

* `USERMOD_WORDCLOCK`   - define this to have this usermod included wled00\usermods_list.cpp

### PlatformIO requirements

No special requirements.

## Change Log

2022/08/18 added meander wiring pattern.

2022/03/30 initial commit

Commit message:

Layouts/Macros in eigenem File, weitere Layouts, readme.md angepasst

usermods/usermod_v2_baerner_zyt/readme.md, after:

# Bärner Zyt (Word Clock) Usermod V2

This usermod drives an max 16x16 pixel matrix wordclock with WLED. There are 4 additional dots for the minutes. 
The visualisation is described by 4 masks with LED numbers (single dots for minutes, minutes, hours). The index of the LEDs in the masks always starts at 0, even if the ledOffset is not 0.
There are parameters that control behavior:
 
active: enable/disable usermod
matrixCols: width of the matrix (this alows to show a small layout on a larger matrix)
ledOffset: number of LEDs before the wordclock LEDs
diplayItIs: enable/disable display of "Es ist" on the clock
minuteDots: show up to 4 dots to see exact minutes between the five minutes
minuteWords: say the minutes between the five minutes in words (scho fasch füf ab drü)
layout: Number of the layout
test: Test mode to tesst the layouts with fast changing numbers


## Layouts

in the file layouts.h there are already defined some layouts
To define a new layout increment MAX_LAYOUTS by one, copy a already defined layout and coppy everything to the end. Change on all #defines the layout number (#define LAYOUT_COLS_1 -> #define LAYOUT_COLS_8)

In File zyt-macros.h add new line every where you find a //insert new layout here

To end the words on a array add -1 
### Installation

* `USERMOD_BAERNERZYT`   - define this to have this usermod included wled00\usermods_list.cpp
* `USERMOD_ID_BAERNERZYT - define this to have this usermod included wled00\const.h

### PlatformIO requirements

WLAN and NTP


## Change Log

2022/03/30 initial commit
